---
title: "Rachio hadn’t finished her English homework "
author:
category: Children
tags: 
layout: post
---
In the morning, we found that Rachio hadn’t finished her English homework! Oh, my! My heart just like be hit by a heavy stone, what was going on last day? But I knew that was a part of our responsibility. As a home tutor, I should check them out one more time. But I went out last night!

Ok, ok, it’s not time to complain and chase the reason, what we must do is to make it up!

At first, I asked her to read the mistake once; the correction shall be left to school.

But mother insisted that Rachio should do it right now, even if we shall be late for school.

Actually, I didn’t understand. But maybe that was a good way to escape the criticize.???

But when I came back home, we two had a conversation about this. I found that I didn’t realize inner truth.

Rachio is such a sensitive girl; she has some difficult in studying. Not only because of the age, but also her absent-minded. Beside, lacking confident is another reason for her studying.

During conversation, I learned that we should help keeping the enthusiasm for her. We should stand by her side. So that we can let her know, we are helping her, she is not lonely, and she is excellent as other classmates.

Sometime, I notice that she is so tired on homework, but she still worked hark on it. When children feel down, we tutor can tell them some small stories. We cannot figure out how much they can absorb in, but at least they know the sad thing is not only just on their own. 

These days, I found that a good school actually plays a very important part in children lives. Take SPS as an example, teachers are so responsible to every student. Despite of heavy pressure they bear, they do spend all minds on the children.

So from the view from them, it’s not so hard to understand why the teachers are so strict, even impolite behaviors.

In a word, home education cannot replace the school education in China. School educators help plan all the schedule for the students, especially in SPS. All we should do are to coordinate with school. Can we do all those things? Yes, we have the ability, but we have no time and energy, why not make a good use of the teachers plan for our children? Come on, throw away all that kind of famous instructions from somewhere outside, just be focus on what we have at this moment. 

