---
title: "Old Friends"
author:
category: idea
tags: 
layout: post
---
Finally, the Mixc was our destination, where we had to cross different district to be together. See, meeting is not so easy.

Everyone seems has few differences from before except QW had his hair style changed.

Well, ladies and gentlemen we are now, not the days we were boys and girls. 

QW, who is not my high-school classmate is actually a legend to me, because he is excellent in study. Pretty nice. He is working for a cute animal-a penguin called QQ. Cool, hah. 

DGB, whose math is good enough to be envied in high school, dressed up formally from Huawei. But I don’t think he looks good in black. We all laughed at his cute hair, maybe too busy to look after it. But he will go abroad for work soon, a little pity. 

ZSY always looks beautiful, long hair and suitable clothes, plus nice smile. We met during Chinese lunar year. 

While talking, we found something had missed in memory long before. XLH needed to be skinned of forgetting we were in the same class in Junior Secondary School.

Pizza tasted good and cheese smelt nice, as well as out friendship. 

How about me? Seems nothing could be compared to them. They have satisfied job and dreams. Mine seems vague, especially living in this city make us run like Death himself was chasing after. Maybe they could teach me understand the deep emotional need which didn’t show on the outside.

I want them to always stay themselves, although time and place change all the time.

Suddenly felt sad when saying goodbye, I had to hurry back to my students. I always did. Hope them can understand my situation. See you later. 

On the subway, I couldn’t just wonder where is the one can really understand and lend his shoulder?

