---
layout: post
title: My dear 2009
---

<p>2009 left without a tiny little bit reluctance or lingering. As every one was hooraying the brand new 2010, I still chrewed bit by bit of the last 12 months.<br />
Jan：Xuan&#8217;s days in CN did bring countless fun,made common days to be different. But he had to leave for school, then left yearning.<br />
Feb：Happily travelled to Korea, wonderful.<br />
Mar：What did I do?Blank.<br />
Apr：Clients Came to our factory, poor translation of me.Made a great decision to be professional.<br />
May：A few leisure May Day holiday at home, we enjoyed ourselves at the Golden Beach;start my road to IELTS, shilly-shally.<br />
Jun：Coey passed the interview to SFLS, we celebrated and got awards—HiPpo。<br />
Jul：Children’s one week intern in factory, hot and tired; Rachel passed piano grade 4, then luckily had opportunity to learn drawing with the famous teacher——Cai Gao; spent days in Feng Huang,which gradually transfer to a small commodity market although lies on those precious old heritage.<br />
Aug：Worked on company PPT for vendor audit, absent-minded;Dear Rainbow Came back from Germany.<br />
Sep：Coey&#8217;s life in SFLS was sparkle as pressure followed. The Shaxian Noodle booth had gone without saying goodbye.<br />
Oct： KH’s wedding party; Rachel’s birthday; Became friends with Carol from Ireland, such a great girl; Clients audit in factory, my presentation in mandarin.<br />
Nov：Birthday Month！False alarm of H1N1. Officially 25 years old,which bring much more worried to Coey &#038;Rachel about my marriage.<br />
Dec：Spent two weekends in HK.Holly christ, so many people made evening as crowd/noisy as day;Blue hawaii,introduced by Cindy;Christmas Party at school &#038; home. I realized that it was so great to be a kid. Cried again.</p>
