---
title: "Charlie and Lola"
author:
category: Children
tags: 
layout: post
---
I bought a DVD <strong><em>Charlie and Lola</em></strong> for Rachel, and we watched it together this valentine’s day.

Charlie and Lola, which get the highest little audience around the world, is produced by <a href="http://www.bbc.co.uk/cbeebies/charlieandlola/stories/">BBC</a>.

Each chapter is begun with Charlie saying: I have this little sister Lola, she is small and funny. 

The delightful award-winning Charlie and Lola picture books are brought to life in an imaginative distinctively animated series that finds a considerate brother, 7-year-old Charlie, helping his feisty yet fond 4-year-old sister Lola through preschool-age challenges including eating certain foods, losing a tooth, haircuts, catching the flu bug, not finding her favorite book at the library and caring for a friend’s new puppy. Supportive Charlie guides Lola through by using logic, humor and the power of imagination.

Lola always stays up late, she won’t be sleep at night, ten, eleven, twelve, even midnight. That’s really a headache to Charlie. What can he do? Well, maybe drink some pinky milk, but Lola says her tigers friends want some too; maybe take a bath, but Lola doesn’t want to bath with those whales; Lola want to lend her pajamas to monkey, Charlie calls and get the answer: they look better on you, Lola…….

During the whole episode, we don’t see their parents. Maybe it won’t be so funny and lovely if parents appear. On the other hand, Charlie is so patent that make me ashamed. Can I do the same like him? Well, Coey and Rachel like to stay up late too, can I learn something from Charlie? 

Charlie is created to tell parents around us, children are funny, what they need just our more patient and love. 

We have to admit that BBC is such a creative and focus on education around the world. Believe it or not, each series production of the earth, human, and children has long lasting life, in a world, classical works. 

