---
title: "My dear 2009"
author:
category: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
2009 left without a tiny little bit reluctance or lingering. As every one was hooraying the brand new 2010, I still chrewed bit by bit of the last 12 months.

Jan：Xuan’s days in CN did bring countless fun,made common days to be different. But he had to leave for school, then left yearning.

Feb：Happily travelled to Korea, wonderful.

Mar：What did I do?Blank.

Apr：Clients Came to our factory, poor translation of me.Made a great decision to be professional.

May：A few leisure May Day holiday at home, we enjoyed ourselves at the Golden Beach;start my road to IELTS, shilly-shally.

Jun：Coey passed the interview to SFLS, we celebrated and got awards—HiPpo。

Jul：Children’s one week intern in factory, hot and tired; Rachel passed piano grade 4, then luckily had opportunity to learn drawing with the famous teacher——Cai Gao; spent days in Feng Huang,which gradually transfer to a small commodity market although lies on those precious old heritage.

Aug：Worked on company PPT for vendor audit, absent-minded;Dear Rainbow Came back from Germany.

Sep：Coey’s life in SFLS was sparkle as pressure followed. The Shaxian Noodle booth had gone without saying goodbye.

Oct： KH’s wedding party; Rachel’s birthday; Became friends with Carol from Ireland, such a great girl; Clients audit in factory, my presentation in mandarin.

Nov：Birthday Month！False alarm of H1N1. Officially 25 years old,which bring much more worried to Coey &Rachel about my marriage.

Dec：Spent two weekends in HK.Holly christ, so many people made evening as crowd/noisy as day;Blue hawaii,introduced by Cindy;Christmas Party at school & home. I realized that it was so great to be a kid. Cried again.

